# Sandman-s_Library
Inventory management
Sandman's library is an inventory management software to keep track of IT related devices. It is capable of keep track of Desktops, laptops, tablets, monitors, and input devices. After logging in with the default login (username: admin, password: admin), you can start by clicking the "add inventory" menu option. Once you enter the add inventory seciton, you must select your device type. Once selecting the device type, you must enter a device name, serial number, device brand, a user assigned to the device, and location of device (ex: Engineering center). All of these fields are important to keep track of each device. Once you are done adding a device, you can go into the "view device" section, which allows you to filter through the different device types within the organizaion. After selecting your desired device list, you can see the names of devices on the left hand side. After you click on the device name, you can see the rest of the details you filled out when originally adding the device. Another function within the "View inventory" section is the ability to edit devices that have already been added. When viewing your desired device by clicking on its name, you can now select the "edit" button in the bottom right corner. Selecting the edit button allows you to edit the details of the device. For example, you can change the location of the device from "Engineering center" to "Math and Science Center." When you are done making your changes, be sure to hit the "save" button located below the edit button, or the changes you make may not save. In the view inventory section, you can also delete devices. All you need to do is select the name of the device on the left hand side, and select "delete" in the bottom right hand corner.

Along with adding, organizing, editing, and removing devices, you can do with the same with users. If you select "view users" from the main menu, it will look similar to viewing inventory. The difference is on the left hand side, instead of seeing device names, you see user names. If you select a user name, you can see the device (or devices) the user has assigned to them. You can edit this section as well by selecting the edit button on the bottom right corner of the view users window. Along with editing, you may also delete users, which will wipe all of the user information.
